---
---
# November 2015

**2015-11-03:**

* Upgraded Dynmap to correctly display owned plots

**2015-11-05:**

* Added the /vote command on main. It prints out a list of all voting site links for easy accessibility!

**2015-11-08:**

* Added the /rank command to main that prints out the ranks and their colors.
* Removed donor colors and replaced them with donor tags

**2015-11-09:**

* Added /mail command that currently works for small messages sent to any player. They will receive them when they log in, if offline. The usage (sending mail, inbox, outbox, and clearing those boxes) are outlined if you type /mail.
* Added ChatReaction chat minigame to main! Test your typing, reaction, and unscrambling skills with this low-key chat minigames (and earn crowns doing it!)

**2015-11-12:**

* Added new information to the Tablist

**2015-11-13:**

* Added TrailGUI for donors! Select any of the 32 particle effects to follow you around on main with **/trails**!
* Created **/news**. It's a way for us to add recently added features to an easily-accessible server command. You'll be notified on login of recent changes!

**2015-11-22:**

* Added SavageDeathChest as a replacement for **/death back**

**2015-11-24:**

* Removed SavageDeathChest
* Created a custom **/death back** feature with some improvements on the original. You can use it even if you didn't have 250c when you died (previously, you couldn't **/death back** even if someone gave you the money). Armor and items will be equipped in the slots you left them if you **/death back**. If you **/death drop** or your items drop after 60 seconds, it will tell you the location of your items.

**2015-11-27:**

* Treasure Hunts now spawn when anyone is online (previously required 3 people)
* EchoPet updated to include 1.8 mobs (Guardian, Endermite, and ***RABBITS***)

**2015-11-29:**

* Fixed bug with homes. Now, ranks should have the correct maximum number of homes per world. In addition, the warmup for homes has been re-added. Previously you could not move/get hit during the warmup, but now, neither will stop the warmup.
