---
---

#December 2014

**2014-12-14:**

* New 1.8 world: [Glorantha](http://damnation.eu/phpbb/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=7470)

**2014-12-16:**

* Increased monster activation and view distances from 32 to 48 (to ramp up monsters + nether ghast issue, it's not the monsters lagging us really)
* Aligned all CreeperHeal world configurations for all survival worlds (hopefully also fixes custom explosions such as Infernal Mobs)
* Fixed EasyEnchant to charge in currency (again)
* Added RABBIT to protection list in AnimalProtect
* Increased Infernal mob rate from 1% to 5%
* Limited flying ability of all echo pets and disabled wither, horse, villager, human, ghast, & giant

**2014-12-19:**

* Increased /tpa and /tpahere timout to 90 seconds (config must have gotten reset at some point + people didn't have time to answer in the 30s)
* Adjusted worldborder in Glorantha (someone had extended it, but shifted the center a bit - so it had odd coords) and increased it just slightly.

**2014-12-20**

* Added 1.8 Ocean world: [EarthSea](http://damnation.eu/phpbb/viewtopic.php?f=19&t=7521)
* Cleaned up tons of unused portals. Manually added portal for world EarthSea. (old portal config is portal.yml.141220 if we need one back). Lesson learned, mv reload still takes long enough to timeout everyone :(

**2014-12-22:**

* Changed a shitload of server java settings (complete rebuild). Lets see if it helps memory/gc issues.

**2014-12-23:**

* Added 1.8 blocks to publicmine and sandfarm
* Fixed "The End" to reset (only manual for now) + added some fun in it (yes, there is now an enderdragon you may kill!)
* CivCraft round 2 map [Esconia](http://damnation.eu/phpbb/viewtopic.php?f=60&t=7536) is now available on Main  (try **/warp esconia spawn**)
* [Factions server map](http://damnation.eu/phpbb/viewtopic.php?f=47&t=7419) is now available on Main (try **/warp factions vesta**)

**2014-12-24:**

* Fixed CraftBook signs. They work as they should again (issue with WorldGuard). Your elevators and other things will function as before. Merry X-mas!
* Added raw Diorite, Granite, and Andesite to the State Shop Recycling Center.
* Fixed Merry X-mas!

**2014-12-25:**

* Fixed single missing permission in IslandWorld (SkyBlock). Should be fully operational again. Never saw (or missed) a proper error report on this (those do help you know).
* Upgraded public mine with some new features and functions. Mine is now lit so you don't need to bring lights, and you mine a bit faster than default. Since before it already has the 1.8 blocks.

**2014-12-26:**

* Released BookShelf Plugin. Before use, break and replace the bookshelf you want to use so it is protected. You can put books, written books, signed books, records, and maps into a bookshelf by right clicking it.

**2014-12-27:**

* MobArena in world Arcade on main works has been reopened! **/warp arcade mobarena** to got here
* Readded the Home Invite function (/hi and /hiaccept)

**2014-12-28:**

* Fixed all tpa, tpahere timeouts - you should now have 90 seconds to answer.
* You can now check all the Mojang's minecraft services with **/mcs status** (on main)
